c:\users\toorkpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiddleOut\MiddleOut\bin\Debug\MiddleOut.exe
c:\users\toorkpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiddleOut\MiddleOut\bin\Debug\MiddleOut.pdb
c:\users\toorkpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiddleOut\MiddleOut\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.dll
c:\users\toorkpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiddleOut\MiddleOut\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.xml
c:\users\toorkpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiddleOut\MiddleOut\obj\Debug\MiddleOut.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\toorkpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiddleOut\MiddleOut\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\toorkpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiddleOut\MiddleOut\obj\Debug\Pages\Settings\About.baml
c:\users\toorkpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiddleOut\MiddleOut\obj\Debug\Pages\Settings\Appearance.baml
c:\users\toorkpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiddleOut\MiddleOut\obj\Debug\Pages\Home.baml
c:\users\toorkpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiddleOut\MiddleOut\obj\Debug\Pages\SettingsPage.baml
c:\users\toorkpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiddleOut\MiddleOut\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\toorkpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiddleOut\MiddleOut\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\toorkpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiddleOut\MiddleOut\obj\Debug\Pages\Settings\About.g.cs
c:\users\toorkpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiddleOut\MiddleOut\obj\Debug\Pages\Settings\Appearance.g.cs
c:\users\toorkpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiddleOut\MiddleOut\obj\Debug\Pages\Home.g.cs
c:\users\toorkpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiddleOut\MiddleOut\obj\Debug\Pages\SettingsPage.g.cs
c:\users\toorkpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiddleOut\MiddleOut\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\toorkpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiddleOut\MiddleOut\obj\Debug\MiddleOut_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\toorkpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiddleOut\MiddleOut\obj\Debug\MiddleOut.g.resources
c:\users\toorkpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiddleOut\MiddleOut\obj\Debug\MiddleOut.exe
c:\users\toorkpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiddleOut\MiddleOut\obj\Debug\MiddleOut.pdb
C:\Users\LJ\Documents\GitHub\MiddleOut\MiddleOut\obj\Debug\MiddleOut.exe
C:\Users\LJ\Documents\GitHub\MiddleOut\MiddleOut\obj\Debug\MiddleOut.pdb
